TiDB Cloud Serverless does not support changing `enable-table-lock` config to `true` (#20098)
pingcap/docs: sql-statements/sql-statement-lock-tables-and-unlock-tables.md

> The table locks feature is disabled by default.
>
> - For TiDB Self-Managed, to enable the table locks feature, you need to set [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true` in the configuration files of all TiDB instances.

> > - For TiDB Cloud Dedicated, to enable the table locks feature, you need to contact [TiDB Cloud Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support) to set [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true`. TiDB Cloud Serverless does not support setting [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - For TiDB Cloud Dedicated, to enable the table locks feature, you need to contact [TiDB Cloud Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support) to set [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true`. For TiDB Cloud Serverless, setting [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true` is not supported.
```

> > - For TiDB Cloud Dedicated, to enable the table locks feature, you need to contact [TiDB Cloud Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support) to set [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true`. For TiDB Cloud Serverless, setting [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true` is not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> - For TiDB Cloud Dedicated, to enable the table locks feature, you need to contact [TiDB Cloud Support](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidbcloud/tidb-cloud-support) to set [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true`.
> - For TiDB Cloud Serverless, setting [`enable-table-lock`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/tidb-configuration-file#enable-table-lock-new-in-v400) to `true` is not supported.
```
